Okay.
Do you know how to place your rates?
Thank.
You've never played your rates?
I love...
Carl?
You're sure you've never played?
Okay.
Betty, Tim and Frank, we're going to place your rates.
Frank, you can learn as we go and Carl,
you join in at any time.
Okay, let me think.
Okay.
Come on.
All right.
A movie, a movie.
Right.
A movie.
Okay.
Six words.
It has six words.
That's easy, I like.
Good.
Okay.
We've got a movie, the title.
Six words.
Right.
First word.
Sounds like.
You've got that part, right?
Yes.
Sounds like.
Sounds like part.
Sounds like no.
Absolutely right, Frank.
Okay.
We've got a movie.
Six words, the first word sounds like.
No.
Nope.
Show, that's it.
Show.
No.
Okay.
Absolutely right, Betty.
Sounds like no.
No.
Okay.
A movie.
Six words, the first word is.
Snow.
This is fine.
Oh.
Okay.
The fifth word.
Right, fifth word.
Seven.
Absolutely right.
Very good.
The fifth word is seven.
Okay.
We've got a movie.
The first word is snow.
Fifth word.
Seven.
I got it.
Snow, why do you have several dwarves?
Frank, you got it.
Betty, you had it.
But you didn't say it.
I knew it.
Carol, now you know what she reads.
Why don't you join us?
I don't like she reads.
It's for babies.
Oh, I like it.
Well, they're babies.
You're a sword loser.
Yeah.
No arguing.
Save your voices.
Between now and tomorrow, you're all going to have your tonsils out.
And you won't be able to speak for a while.
So save your voice.
I'm going to be able to speak for a while.
I'm still then.
Hi, gang.
Hi, everybody.
Well, what's going on?
I'm glad to see you, Dr. Stewart.
This is a rough route.
I didn't want to please your reads.
So they're angry at me.
Why don't you want to play?
Because I don't want to be here.
I don't want my tonsils out.
Why not?
Because my birthday is tomorrow.
My mother promised me a birthday party with a clown.
I'm going to be here.
He wants me a birthday party with a clown.
But you can have one when you go home, girl.
But my birthday is tomorrow.
I'm sorry, Karen.
Carol, you'll have your party when you go home.
But it won't be on my birthday.
And, Ron is me a surprise.